Ask the two elders
If you want to directly enter the inner door
What kind of conditions do you need?
Business Promise
Although
You make the Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet burst into light 5 times
Qualifications are okay
But you want to be defeated into the inner door of my Skywolf Gate
You are not good enough
Haha, Wuji also wants to join Inner Mongolia
The first condition
It is to make the Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet explode
At least 6 epiphanies
At first, the cold leftover girl was
The spirit tablet erupted 7 times
Autonomy through the ages
To worship directly into Inner Mongolia
But what?
Don't reply
Five times of inspiration can also worship the old man
This is outrageous.
There is another one who can directly apprentice
The genius of the elders
Hey, I can't compare to this kind of talent.
Thank you for your kindness, Elder Liu
But I want to try again.
6 epiphanies
This Night Travels
It actually made the Primordial Qianling Monument burst into light 6 times
This guy's talent is so good
Hahahaha
6 epiphanies
This child's talent is fundamental
Among the younger generation of my family
Second only to the Virgin
Such a genius
This child is not enough to describe with genius
Is this a monster?
Are you happy with the hammer?
Invincible tonight
Let the Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet emit six feet of light
He has already bowed to the sect of the middle teacher
What else does it have to do with you?
Oh, yes.
My disciple
It's all useless
The two elders quarreled in public
Cheng He Style
Isn't it just 6 bursts of inspiration?
What's all the fuss about?
What seven epiphanies?
How is this trash possible?